Update readme and contribution guidelines (#65)
KendallDoesCoding/youtubers-birthdays: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

If you are adding a YouTube Channel to the list, the channel must classify under the following

- At least 100K subscribers on YouTube (except for some exceptions, at the discretion of KendallDoesCoding).
- Uploaded a video or live-streamed to YouTube within the last 1 MONTH.
- The channel should be an individual and not a COMPANY (for eg: you cannot add Good Mythical Morning, or T-Series, as they are companies and not individuals).
- The channel should not be controversial (certain exceptions can be made, up to the judgement of @KendallDoesCoding).
- Birthday Format must be as follows: D/M, YY (eg: 2 May, 2000)
  **- The final decision on whether the channel gets added or not, is up to the discretion of KendallDoesCoding. **

# How to add a channel

To add a YouTuber, you would need to follow two steps:-

> 1. - Go to the website and visit the "/addYoutuber" route.

Reviewer: Instead of telling the user to go to the /addYouTuber route, I think it'd be better if we link it to them here: maybe something like.

```suggestion
1. - Go to the [add YouTuber page](http://youtubers-birthdays.kendalldoescoding.tech/addYouTuber) on the website.
```

Reviewer: Let's also include this below this line.

Note: It may take a while to load the first time as it has to load the database code, etc.

>    - Here, fill in all the details of the Youtuber:- Category, Channel Name, Birthday, Total Channel Views, and Channel Link and click on add button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Here, fill in all the details of the Youtuber:- Category, Channel Name, Birthday, Total Channel Views, and Channel Link and click on add button.
```

   - <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dwuyp1nss/image/upload/v1690489952/Website%20Demo/addYoutuber_elcoaz.png" alt="add youtuber" />

2. - Now, after adding the youtuber's info on the website, you have to update the README (Important as only it will mark as an original contribution on GitHub)
   - For this fork the repo and update README to add youtuber info
   - <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dwuyp1nss/image/upload/v1690489952/Website%20Demo/README_jrxz1a.png" alt="README.md" />

> With these two steps, you have successfully added a youtube channel, and you can create a pull request which marks your contribution to our project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With these two steps, you have successfully added a YouTube channel, and you can create a pull request which marks your contribution to our project.
```
